One thing we're all too familiar with is Murphy's law that
states if something can go wrong it will.
And this is especially true if you're working in new technology areas.
In this module,
we're going to cover some tips and troubleshooting techniques
that you can use if you run into trouble with your own
Kubernetes and SQL Server deployments.
We'll look into some of the basic Kubernetes troubleshooting areas,
and then we'll also look into some of the particular areas that you need to
pay attention to if you're running SQL Server on Kubernetes.
First, we're going to talk about updating your tools.
While it may not seem all that important,
making sure you're running the most recent versions of
your tools can help you avoid problems,
as well as making your work a bit more efficient if
you're using the right tools.
Next,
we're going to look at some of the ways you can find out important
information about your deployments using kubectl.
While parts of this may be a bit basic if you're familiar with Kubernetes,
if you're a SQL Server person and you don't have a lot of Kubernetes
background this could help save you a lot of time and effort.
Next,
we're going to look at using some of the interactive tools to
get information about your Kubernetes deployments and perform
some basic troubleshooting actions.
Here, you'll look at seeing how to use the Kubernetes
dashboard to get information about your clusters,
as well as how to start an interactive shell on your pods using kubectl exec.
Next, we're going to switch gears,
and we're going to look at some of the SQL Server connection and
availability group issues that you might run into. Again, if you have a
lot of SQL Server experience some of this may be a bit basic, but if
you're a Kubernetes person it could help make your troubleshooting for
SQL Server quite a bit faster.
Finally,
we're going to wrap up with some tips and some sources for some additional information.